Replace controller with control node (#352)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/dev_guide/developing_python_3.rst

We do have some considerations depending on the types of Ansible code:

> 1. control-node-side code - code that runs on the machine where you invoke :command:`/usr/bin/ansible`, only needs to support the control node's Python versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. code on the control node - code that runs on the machine where you invoke :command:`/usr/bin/ansible`, only needs to support the control node's Python versions.
```

2. modules - the code which Ansible transmits to and invokes on the managed machine. Modules need to support the 'managed node' Python versions, with some exceptions.

> 3. shared ``module_utils`` code - the common code that is  used by modules to perform tasks and sometimes used by control-node-side code as well. Shared ``module_utils`` code needs to support the same range of Python as the modules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. shared ``module_utils`` code - the common code that is  used by modules to perform tasks and sometimes used by code on the control node. Shared ``module_utils`` code needs to support the same range of Python as the modules.
```

Python 3 forces programmers to proactively define a strategy for
working with strings in their program so that they don't mix text and byte strings unintentionally.

> Ansible uses different strategies for working with strings in control-node-side code, in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ansible uses different strategies for working with strings in the code on the control node, in
```
